Welcome one more day to my channel the
truth is that it has been a week since I
uploaded a video here on the main channel you
already know that I have other channels well
other channels in fact I have more channels
than Movistar Plus in which I am more
active because Well nowadays
the news is more popular faster By the way,
the last channel that launched is called
La Sal would be and there you have news
about your
favorite youtubers streamers and influencers every day
without filler and without opinion it is worth what
the news is subscribe only if you are
interested in that type of content and I already
tell you really I had this video
prepared a couple of weeks ago in
fact I promised but I have not had a
chance until today to record it
so please I would appreciate it if you would
help the algorithm by sharing the
video not only on all your
social networks on your mother's WhatsApp
but also that you give it a like and
comment in the
comment box everything you think about
everything that I am telling you apart from
being a girl with
incredible numbers she has sincerely managed to
climb brutally in her career
leaving a few of  corpses behind
and causing a lot of chaos in their wake, not even I
have a certain pique in which we
have both thrown jabs at each other on their part,
some attacks have seemed gratuitous to me
but well since there are many people
who criticize me and jump at my neck
for calling her a clown or a little clown here you
have the avatar of Nemo in which she
creates her own clown character
therefore I do not think that you will be offended much by what there is
between not even I I think that it is
an unresolved attention that is going to
end up exploding today Make yourselves comfortable
And I ask you to stay until the end
of the video to see what you think of what I
have to show you very few people know
But the beginnings of the girl who is
behind the Avatar of nimo who by the way
says that she is a character that that is another
tremendous one that we have to comment on
literally says that she is a character
therefore there she does the wismichu no
and she cleans her hands as if all the
[ __ ] she did in public and all
the atrocities that she has said were an
incredible role You are going to see it
next But this  person
behind Nemo's Avatar started on the
internet and on YouTube began in the
world of String doing live shows with
her face Yes yes I mean not having any
intention of being a youtuber or hiding her
face literally for a
while she did live shows with her face what
happens is that it wasn't very successful I had
done strings to a very very
very small group of people with my face
but I see those Strings back and forth I
felt like another person I noticed that I wasn't going to
get anywhere else with what I
was doing there but yes It was still
nothing it must have been a month trying to do
Stream to 10 people and nothing more
when she saw that those live shows with her face were
n't successful I don't know why I do
n't know I don't know if she didn't transmit anything I do
n't know if she didn't have charisma because the
truth is that it is too complicated to
find any loophole in those
live shows she only has them she
dedicated herself to monetizing compilations of
other content for Facebook if she
marked an lmd show and in fact she
recognizes that she earned a lot of money
doing that with content that was not
hers
I worked with Facebook I was dedicated
to generating money with Facebook through
compilation videos I'm not going to go
into details but there have been
compilations there was advertising in the
videos and those videos were for a
European audience and a Yankee type because I put
everything in English Well, I
mean I can even say that I earned more
than by streaming or so how much does she
mean by that she earned
a lot more money than by
streaming with these compilations that I would
love to see what she calls
compilations with a target audience of the United States
of America and I find it
curious that leaving this to dedicate herself to the
world of youth when you have
something that is giving you a lot of money
very easily I can't find the reason why
someone would leave it what do I
mean by this that I don't believe her or I mean
really and more with how much of a liar she is I do
n't believe that really something that
was working for her that she was
monetizing in a brutal way because she
had a very high cpm she would leave
simply to fulfill her never-
before-dreamed dream of being a youtuber before
continuing with the content of this
video I want to highlight the good relationship
that Nemo sometimes has with some
gossip channels I know that many times
when it is a podcast there are many people who
with the word podcast disguise the
content  of gossip as if the word
gossip were similar to the word I
know any crime not really
infinite coffee is a podcast that I don't know if it's
right or wrong We have reacted on
some occasions here Well it's okay, I mean I do
n't know the
content 100%, but we do have to
admit that its three creators,
its three presenters are three
gossip youtubers it's a channel
that literally talks about all the
current topics and all the
viral controversies on the internet leyge is
a gossip channel that always, I mean
literally it's a channel of
gossip criticism call it whatever you want And atherion
also athereum was a guy who could have been
very successful on the
platform and I don't know why he retired and
now he's reappeared or so it seems it
's as if he didn't really have the
dream of making a living from YouTube but come on, he
made some videos, especially some
about getting them to go viral a
lot, at this point if you want we
can dress them up and call them
criticism channels, no, it's the typical [ __ ]
no, that a lot of people do like
deny the gossip I'm not going to enter in
this video in the debate if something is
gossip No I am very clear about what
a gossip channel is and what is not and I am
very clear about what the word
gossip means and gossip is the little gossip the
gossip the little controversy When someone
talks about someone when someone
tells you a gossip anecdote it can be
about politics movies about
TV personalities it can be between youtubers it can be
gossip that they are fighting it can
be gossip that they are getting laid
or that they are flirting that there is
romance that there are infidelities there are
many things that could be defined as
gossip and for me the criticism channels
are gossip because they are channels messing
with others that you want to call it
criticism because it sounds whiter to you or
because it is better seen do what you want
none of them only get along
with these gossip channels but
also publicly congratulate channels
like La Galera which is an
Argentine channel also Argentine By the way he
was accused very recently of having
extorted  an effort to get him to
send him photos in exchange for putting them on
the disk a repulsive guy we have already
talked about him On this channel and on the
other channels on many occasions and
even congratulates him for his great
growth and how good a person he is he has
given interviews to several
gossip channels Like for example Uncle Sur to
whom we send a huge hug he
is surely watching This video or
another channel called Ecuadorian that he did
not know It is the first time I
mention it he gets along well For example with
Drake codes how good Drake code is a
gossip channel of youtubers is a
gossip channel of youtubers that on some
occasion before in the past criticized her we will
talk about him too and another one
that I would consider a SIM is Api pepino
pipepino he is a streamer who first
criticized her you have a video of mine here from the
main channel very brutal that has
very few views but the video is
brutal where I explain
perfectly the whole context Because I
also investigated my cucumber first
criticized her he criticized her with
completely truthful things I have seen that
video to be able to talk  of him it's worth the
video that pipepino has in private I've
seen it in its entirety he didn't say anything false or
anything bad or anything he started whining and
made pipepino delete the video I don't know
what he did to him that my cucumber became
some kind of SIM for a while
and then recently they lost the
relationship again Because nimo got stung again
with a video of pipepino
[Music]
your mother's concha what are you doing here
exactly
What is the motivation of getting along with
Nemo after having criticized her I don't know
what the motivation is either of deleting
a video where you were right and you
weren't saying anything bad or offending
anyone but well it has a lot of
clicks as if feeling proud I don't know
if maybe it's because of getting along with
someone famous or something like that But
pipepino has a ton of clips on his
secondary channel and on the main one there are no
videos where he brags about his friendship or his
chipeo with Nemo Nemo also gets along
with striker and well striker I don't
need to give you much explanation he's the
typical one who grew up talking about yao
Cabrera from windy from Dallas of all the
gossip from controversial youtubers and who
today denies criticism
because now he's doing well making memes and
hey, it seems completely valid to me
because you're really making
white content, you don't get into
discussions, you don't get into trouble, you don't have
hate and you earn money but damn, don't
deny it, you're from your past, this type of
characters reminds me of a debate
on the secondary channel that I recommend you
watch is a debate with a guy
named Tiger who was
completely ridiculous because he came
into my channel as if he were anonymous
messing with me for the content
I made that I lived off others and in the
end we recognized his voice
live and the guy was a gossip channel
that disappeared because it went badly for him, here you
have him sharing a
video by Luis ardo on his Twitter, which is good, it's a channel
that, like pipepino, I've already explained it to you
in 100 ways, many times I
think they make videos that are a bit undone
but it has a lot of views, I don't know
why he feels sorry for him on Twitter, he
also gets along with tracer, who is good, he has
a kid with whom  that I also take
and recently he was crawling behind
Jordi Wild to get an
interview on the White project which by the
way I have to take a break here
to talk about the Nemo controversy with
Jordi Wild And the truth is that there is a
lot of cloth once again among so many
the true face of Nemo and
Jordi White was shown Jordi as a good
gossip channel that comments on all the
viral controversies whether they are from youtubers as from
the gossip press as from whatever
is viral and that has views on the
internet mind you I am not criticizing him
for making that content to those who say
that it is not gossip at the time Jordi
made videos reporting on
Nemo gossip such as when he leaked his
face several times on purpose or the famous
troll of nim with the Loli fan that we will
also discuss in this video Jordi
Wild said and affirmed that the almost
animated content could be aimed at a
pedo audience Because surely and also she
softened her wrist she knew
perfectly well that she was recruiting
a mass  of Followers who got
horny with this little doll this encouragement
sat fatally with him and exploded live
reacting to this, let's not the subject
so much cult to the baby and the child not touching
why do they talk about this when they are
talking about my friend I make the
outdated image I wanted to have been
questions if not see this has nothing to
do with it because Oh Jordi you
disappointed me with this eh I've known you
for almost two years and I feel like you never
sexualized
the Avatar the first time it was like it was I do
n't know if it was a joke to open or what is it
called there are prefulls there are prefulls or
something like that and I sent a fanart but it was like
weeks after starting
Stream as you have seen in this clip
Jordi Lee points out her content as
attractive to farts she gets
very angry she says that she has been disappointed and
also says that she has never
sexualized the Avatar, much less the
previous one, the Ancient one that looked more like a
baby or a little girl the drawing
this is completely false and I have to
apologize to Jordi Wild because I
criticized him at the time as with turbo
plan  who also stated something similar in
one of her videos and I thought no I
trusted Nemo's word I don't know
why at that moment it seemed ugly to me that they
called her and it seemed ugly to me that they
accused her of making attractive content
for fart because she was signing
that she had never sexualized the Avatar
but the truth is that here she is lying here I will
be putting on screen some
thumbnails that are taken from her
YouTube channel these thumbnails uploaded by her to
her YouTube channel okay all the ones that
are passing by right now
some of them she has
changed okay if you see for example this one
of the worst mushrooms I've seen notice how
free there the fan Art that she puts
then she changes the thumbnail when
the video already had 700,000 views
surely Because someone would be
throwing it in her face and not only that but
the titles look what I do with my
fingers the one I have here posted tweet
insinuating things with
pornography pages even out of context No
here you will be seeing some images
that maybe my editor has to
censor just in case Let's see it's a drawing I
don't think it will happen  nothing but well we are
going to censor it but come on it is her
doing poses a little bit not in her
live shows The Followers click on
thumbnails anyway they are images and things
that she has done consciously not
what she is doing I mean if you take
a doll and you are doing these
poses and you are putting these titles
and so on, not only are you sexualizing
the Avatar but you know what you are
calling not live playing adult games
this one that you are seeing is a tweet that
she herself publishes on her account man
I think that a little bit yes
she sexualizes her eh and not only that she
sexualizes the doll but in fact she
encourages it to be done here you are seeing
some fans that she shares on her
social networks draw me like one
of your French girls everyone knows what she is referring to when she makes this cameo not the Titans scene no over here I will be putting something completely censored too It is that this drawing directly It is that my editor will not be able to show it on screen but come on
so that you get an idea it is the doll
sucking a microphone and it is not doing
ASMR okay  sexual drawings in which
the dolls make out with other dolls,
well, I don't know how to define this, much
of what I'm putting maybe can't be
shown in full here on
YouTube because you know how on YouTube
but come on what the hell is this, I say I
could spend hours and hours in which she has
n't even shared this type of
sexual fan art content that they make
with her doll and then she comes off as a
hypocrite and acts indignant when
Jordi Wild accuses her of making content that is
attractive to a certain audience the worst thing is
that she wasn't even angry with Jordi Wild she
got angrier because I sometimes
criticized her or something like that,
look, in this farts thing without
her being right I defended her and
yet she has it in for me to the point that she
started sharing
completely manipulated tweets from allies
where they call me a stalker and manipulate my
videos as if I were obsessed
with women and things like that, no and she
was even supporting Agustn 51 this month
with the controversy he had against the
gossip channels which was a
completely  ridiculous where Agustn
made a fool of himself in front of me in front of the
south in front of him even though he didn't
do anything of course and in front of
Auron nobody took Agustn seriously
Only people like wismichu and Nemo That's
the level however with Jordi Wild
who accused him of what he accused him of And with
all the reason in the world for my taste not
only did he not get angry but he
was already dragging for him to invite her to
his collaboration podcast that in the end did not
come out because they both did not
agree watch out for the detail because Jordi as a
good gossip channel only wanted to
interview her on the condition that he
had the exclusive that for the
first time she do an interview with her
face, I mean imagine what that would have
sold not the first
Nemo interview without Avatar In fact
something very strange happened here for my taste And that is that
nimo previously stated that the
interview was going to be with the person and not
the youtuber then with Jordi and the
interview is going to be with Nemo's dubbing actress
not with nimo because nimo does not have
physical appearances because it is a
virtual avatar I want that to be very clear
start to digest the difference between
the voice actor the voice actor is a
somewhat different person cheer up the voice actor of
Nemo So she's going to interview the
voice actor of Nemo and no cheer up and I want to
interview cheer up she's going to have to ask him to
put on the Avatar not the voice actor that's it there's a
huge difference So
when people come to me and say you such
person you're a total person no I'm not
such person I am nimo I am nimo and there's
another person whether it's the voice actor she's not a
flying side there's a huge
difference and the voice actor doesn't want to be
confused with lemon she wants to
be confused with the voice actor you have to
contain a little mental maturity
to understand this difference it's even
longer I don't have time in this video to
put it in its entirety because it lasts like 7
minutes if you ask me we do a
reaction in the secondary channel
let me know in the
comments box but right here He's
applying the character's that it
has nothing to do with the voice actor
what Nemo does I think this is a
way of washing his hands before  their
[ __ ] Like for example the ones we are
commenting on in this video I don't know what It had to
happen that here it seems that he
agreed that they would do an
interview with his character but then in the
end they didn't reach an agreement
and he invites you to a podcast xdd silo and
reacts to it live in the last
live and I reacted and said that I
couldn't participate in person
precisely because I am a YouTuber what
Jordi wants is for me to go eh
with a mask or whatever to his
podcast in person which for me
is not possible because I am a YouTuber And
if he wants me to go in person I wouldn't
be inviting the I think he would be
inviting the person behind the
virtual one and the person behind the usual one does
n't want to show themselves like that in a podcast
I loved the invitation and I feel
super honored and that someone like Jordi would
invite me too however it will not be
very possible if it is under those conditions
other people have been interviewed with their
faces covered but Jordi stated in one
of his few talking about this topic that
the content ve tuber neither is that it
interests him much She is  youtuber doesn't
show her face of course and she wanted to come
here with a mask and I
told her [ __ ] that I've had you in front of me
I feel a little uncomfortable I can't no
without being able to see your reactions and she
told me [ __ ] It's that me showing my face I
feel uncomfortable So it's like
both parties didn't reach an agreement and
of course I need to see the face if I have
someone in front of me it feels very strange
unless it was something very heavy Because
a lot of people will tell me dude but the other day
you did a podcast with caf 423 that guy
goes with a mask I'll explain why What is
the difference it's a security issue
dude is a former special forces has
fought against drug trafficking And on top of that
now it's private or private it's not
ideal for her to show her face then there
's the issue of it being online and whether you like it
or not it's not that violent because in the end
online well no you are not so face to
face that even so even if it had been
in person with glasses I would have done and
here is the third point which is the
most basic one
is to say I really like
military issues drug trafficking the fights that
there is in Latin America I am fascinated it is a
subject that I love the subject of
youtubers and influencers because it
is a little more or less the same as always
unless I know who that
person is that I am going to ask the
fourth question is already there, I mean my
interest in the subject as a jinx overcomes
any barrier and overcomes any
mask with no one No, I am not so
interested as to say come as you want
even so we will talk privately I told her if
one day she decides to come out she has been invited
20 times to come and I send her a hug
that she was not very interested in doing a
podcast on this subject because it was not a
content and it was not a subject that
particularly caught her attention it was a
bit of talking about other things that she is not
interested in let's say it did not catch her
attention what caught her attention
was having the exclusive the gossip
let's talk about the controversy between Nemo and
Loli I mean suwi it is one of the
most remembered controversies by the people who follow
Nemo or who have known her for a long
time but it is one of the controversies that
affect her the most remembering Nemo and that she would not
like that  nobody knew 100%
in fact he has manipulated several channels
and distorted reality so that
today many people think that in
that controversy he did not do what he did and
what happened did not happen he even blames other
people and points out that some
captures that are not false are false let's get to the mess
this controversy occurred when Nemo was
in full Boom at the best moment of his
career earning more than 7,000
daily subscribers on his channel and
barely reaching 300,000
subscribers that before the problem two
days before the problem he is gaining
seven thousand daily subscribers on
YouTube without fail without fail 7,000
daily he
had eh Like a million a million and a
half of reproductions of averages there are
4 last 48 hours Yes the truth is that it
is like a dream Tremendous what a
crazy 7,000 daily subscribers dream
that was frustrated the moment that
Nemo showed his true face in front of
all those new followers when he saw
that another small youtuber was
starting on the platform and when I
say starting on the platform  of
Facebook was something that didn't
endanger Nemo's fame and
wasn't even significant It was a girl
Zoey who literally wanted to get
some money for college and she
came up with the idea of making this
kind of String the girl made the mistake
of using an avatar that wasn't
free to use it was an avatar that came inside
an application that was allowed
for use by people who tested
the program or whatever but not to
dedicate yourself to this or anything when she felt
threatened she entered the chat in an ordinary and
aggressive way to publicly
scare the girl that she was using
copyrighted content that she
couldn't use and that she had no idea
how copyright worked
Oh it's not that you're a copy the
problem is that I know the
model creator that you're using and you're
using it without her permission it's for
personal use only Okay now the bard is on
Okay Look Cheer up I got it from the
workshop and I'm not copying
anyone, I mean I can delete
all the content that I have from
her Oh the least I wanted was a bard I
mean I just wanted to have a good time
because it's kind of wrong simply  I'm sorry I'm
sorry this live is going to be
deleted like all the other live streams
that you like this character and I pay attention to it cheer up
because we're coming I guess she's
right I'm going to try to make my
own character and not bother anyone
no don't do anything bad to her or tell her and I'll
pay you girls So nothing I'm going we'll
see each other as you can see the girls Chan
Toy felt very bad she was a person
who was starting to grow and was
doing quite well on Facebook by the way
and she very soon got monetization
on Facebook something that I
still have not managed to get
people empathized a lot with the girl and
started donating to her so that
another original Avatar could be bought and commissioned
for her and she continued watching her people
turned totally against encouragement and I'm
not surprised because the ways that your
kindness of
reprimanding the girl were not the most correct or they were not peaceful manners the truth is what you are reading here on screen seems anything but advice my Avatar is not made in Avatar creator I paid the artist to have it As she should have done instead of using it without permission
program that uses if anyone can use it
But the character is created
by an independent artist and is not
made to be used for that purpose and
then some screenshots from
his discord group were leaked that Nemo later
signed as being fake but they are not fake
because in fact The screenshots were
leaked in different ways in
different ways I mean they were
screenshots from different devices and
they said the same thing not on top of that my followers
were going to tell him that it was a copy of mine and
those who were there said that we were a
shitty fandom just for going to tell him that
Honda skinny and you use a character very
similar to that of the most famous vtuber in
Latin America I don't know what you expect
anything appears but a warning
okay And then with a big problem less 5,000
subscribers less 10,000 subscribers and
then when I started to recover
I started to upload you to 100 subscribers per
day so slowly slowly painful horrible the
channel died on me I mean in comparison
before it died my mother what a pain
my mother what a pain that from gaining
7,000 subscribers a day you start to
lose 5,000  10,000 And when you start
growing again you grow at that
rate But hey At the end of the day that's the thing about the
internet This is not a
movie or a series you might
often when you see
celebrities on TV you might believe
things that aren't true but when you get into
a reality show like you're Big Brother or something like that
in the end your
true face comes out and that's kind of what happens
Also on the internet here you have another
capture like that they're just a couple of idiots you'll
see if she continues using that
illegal character or what she does but whatever she does I'm
not going to get involved
ever again because she looked like the son of a
[ __ ] when Animo began to realize
that she was sinking she began to play
a character Now yes in
this Yes okay on Facebook I admit it was
a horrible way to approach it but
also understand that I am human and I am
very inexperienced in this subject having many
followers does not automatically make me
wise in these matters she made me learn
so that it doesn't happen again while
on her album I was putting things
like this she's not even a bear I went
to  warn her that she doesn't have permission to
use it just so she can change
characters before it's too late,
plus the clear similarity with mine
would make her fall a lot. Hey the worst thing is
that everyone in the chat was just
insulting me as if it were my
fault that the girl used something
illegally, motto, she could not have warned her and
let her rot with the
copy complaint that was going to fall on her. But well,
next time I'm not good and that's it. I find it
very funny that she worries about the
copyright of others when she
was brutally profiting, according to
her own words, from monetizing
other people's content in compilations on
Facebook. kiss, cheer up, she could not have
warned her and let her rot with the
copy complaint that was going to fall on her. Even worse,
everyone in the chat
was just insulting me as if it were my
fault that the girl used something
illegally, motto, plus the clear
similarity with mine would make her fall a
lot. Hey, as you can see, this screenshot is not
fake, this screenshot is the same as the
previous one but from another perspective,
from another device because someone
else uploaded it.  different person okay so
this capture is completely different
from the other and it says the same thing
therefore they are not fake captures as I already
explained in the video I made of nimo and
pipepino the creator finally found
out about the situation and what
had happened because this move went
very viral and because fans of nimo and
other communities began to spam her about
what happened the creator of the Avatar came out
to agree with Nemo what she did not know was
that Nemo Although he was right, he had
completely lost his manners and as it was
already being told at the moment he
saw that he was sinking not because
she felt it but because he was
sinking, he came out to apologize in a
very dramatic way to his followers
but more than actions I am going to get my
hands on the matter to be able to help him
as much as I can this person if I can help
Obviously if he wants me to help him
and well on the other hand a
huge apology to Loli although and well that I
put myself in a super horrible way
of dealing with the matter for my part I
kindly remind you that I am in the
period I remind you normally
I do things without thinking I am
very  hormonal when I have my period
So in that clip that you just saw he
blames her period for what happened
because she's hormonal and she's
in a brutal mood I love
that she gets so into character that her
character and her doll even have her
period but really at the end she had to
almost get on her knees which I
thought was exaggerated because really if you
're right and to fail the ways Well he
says Hey look I'm sorry the truth is that
I behaved in a very
unpleasant way it gave me that sudden I'm
very sorry but right here in the click that you're
going to see I get the feeling that I'm
not seeing him cry because he
regrets it but I'm seeing her
cry for the loss for the host she
has nothing I would like to
apologize to Loli again Because although we already spoke
with her
privately and everything is fine I see it totally
necessary to do it because I behaved
horribly I behaved in an
immature way really out of place I behaved
like nobody should behave my
attitudes are that simply my
attitudes were disgusting I understand I
fully understand that I made a
mistake and what I did was very very very
wrong but oh well  in the end I think that
Nemo does not have to be
condemned for life for this episode
because once a person
apologizes for something they can no longer be
anything but apologize they have already apologized
the problem is that many
gossip channels talked about this issue because it was
something that went very viral and was
in everyone's mouths she began her
battle against the gossip channels
against the gossip channels that she did
not like for example here you will be
seeing a capture of how a
video was taken of a youtuber called
firecrack that I do not know either but he
is saying that he informs them when
literally the boy with everything that he
was and in the end the decision that Animo made
to cope with the criticism which is
something that she does not like at all or
rather she takes them terribly was and approaching
the gossip channels and going around putting them
all under her arm and she really
managed to win over a few as I have already
mentioned at the beginning of the video
pipepino became a kind of
SIM Drake code also became
a kind of SIM or rather Drake came out to
defend Animo from  video of pipepino
stating that pipepino when he
made a video talking about that same topic he had to
apologize which in itself is
true he apologized But because he's an
idiot I mean he doesn't have to
apologize for that and on top of that he says that
Pipe at the time had to apologize
for misinformation and then he takes advantage of the fact that he
throws him for Cali It's been almost two
years since all that and that she is a
compilation video of Lore also driko stated
in this thread that The screenshots that
pipepino put in that video were
fake screenshots And that is a false mantra that
Nemo has created and he has managed to do it very
well and now I am going to explain how this one you
are seeing on screen is real it is
a vtuber also very well known in the
guild in this world of
youtubers she became very popular by
doing Ray to other vtubers and
sponsoring herself in this way which is a
bit span Ninja it is not a bit forcing the
role not as I call Uncle Sur what he
did was force not only the role with
these Rights but also that
then they gave him a ride  huge but
also made donations
playing the victim saying that she was a
person with a disability saying that she was
mute Look for example this
conversation that was leaked I had
an idea to try to grow
exponentially in tweets which was
basically to go to a Random account
and donate like 500 dollars some
big streamer writing a touching message
about me basically using my
disability as a pity switch
towards them and they would do a massive right to me
and really people empathized
with her and made her famous and then
over time it turned out to be a scam it turned
out to be a scam xavituber's story
if you want me to tell it to you I
can tell it in another video let me
know in the comments box the
story has substance also has fabric I'm
not going to go in depth in this video
because that's not the topic but
basically it's not only that she wasn't
mute she wasn't even a girl she was
a man and guess what happened
Nemo took advantage of La Movida when
they exposed this guy to clean up his
image this guy who pretended to be
a mute youtuber one day to one of the
people who approached  went to Nemo they
became friends Although she believed they
were friends but she distanced herself from Nemo
when Nemo did what he did with Loli and
started throwing [ __ ] at Nemo Now
when they bust this guy, nimo takes the opportunity
to say in these tweets that you will be
seeing on screen that everything
this guy said was a lie, that he was the one to
blame, that people
made up the story against her and
so on when in reality this guy was not
the only one who was criticizing her for what happened
with Loli, it was something that everyone saw
on Facebook and that went super
viral this is like the aforementioned
mantra of Fake Captures, that
is, you will be seeing on screen a few
times in which she accuses that the captures
are fake, that fake captures are used
and this is why, it is because
when she had the move and the fight with
this boy who pretended to be a
mute girl, they did put in some screenshots, they
made fake screenshots of her,
courage and she knew how to take advantage of this
to point out fake screenshots as well as
some of the battle with this Lolieta
using the mantra of Fake Captures
false and turning against the
scammer youtuber or scammer and
blaming this guy for everything she had
done, she managed to clean up
her image and be well regarded because that way
the entire community the truth is that she is
a very well-liked youtuber She is a
youtuber who is quite accepted and
gets along well with all the people
personally I don't like her, she causes me
rejection But also because she has been very
unfair to me but not as something
super personal I do see that she has done
things that are [ __ ] but I don't
see them as [ __ ] to condemn her for
life there are things that are ridiculous Like
for example when she leaked her face that she
did on purpose there was an occasion in which
being irl she did it unintentionally because it was
noticeable that is perfectly noticeable but it
seems that since she is very arrogant or
very conceited Well she didn't like How
her face looked at that moment and she took and
uploaded a photograph to make herself look
more beautiful Argentina 100% I mean
your face is leaked you don't like how it came out
leaked and you filter it well so that you can be
seen more  pretty literally if you don't
like how it came out then leave it like that
so people think you're like that
no, also it's supposed to have
accidentally leaked her face in her own Setup and it
was super suspicious because she was with
her own dry with a mask okay or so it does
n't make any sense that you're wearing a
mask in your house when you're
doing String when you're also supposed to have
an Artificial Intelligence
that makes your wrist move
literally I think that this girl
although she wants to remain anonymous, she
has her point of Presumptuous
arrogance is like very Vain I think she
is a very Vain girl and well
in the end she is pretty let's not
deny it she has her own tiktok account
with her real face and with her real image
completely with a lot of tiktok
over here my editor will be putting my
while I am telling you some
images without sound you can put
the tikto compilations here And that we have
here her being
dances she is doing viral
challenges and things like that
therefore it is not clear to me what the
problem is with intimacy or not
intimacy she says no  is it the same
as her face having been leaked as her
actually doing a Face revil when I
think she's already done it in fact her
anticho account with her identity has
more than half a million followers and it's
in public and well really these types
of things that I just told you like
leaking her face to make it look better or
for example this other occasion in which
she did something stupid no that was like byting
her followers making them believe that she had been
invited to an omelette I think she
's a girl who really likes to get
attention Okay and these things Although they
feel bad for everyone I also
see them a little related to age I
mean comma she looks like she's not
even 30 years old I think she's a kid and
that she makes mistakes because she's a kid I
tell you I don't like her eh but I don't
see it as condemnable like full hatred
towards her okay I have my fluff
because she has been very unfair to me and she has
shared some pretty ugly things towards me you will
all know the episode in which she
byted with her supposed onlyfan She spent a
week promising some lifan to her
followers in these tweets  you will be
seeing on screen not creating High
also announced it in a live on the
7th at 9:30 at night on Twitch we are going to be
doing the live showing what you are
going to see in Holly free exits
Okay inside what sells the morbidity that
live had 100,000 viewers I mean
100,000 spectators that I troll let
's go I understand perfectly that
everyone got really angry because the
joke was not funny what he did was a
Rick role I mean he said one two and three I'm going
to make the lifans public and I'm going to
show you here on my Twitch account
live some photographs that are
paid but I put it here for free and he
marked them with a Rick roll
[Music]
This is my work of art this is why I have
been seven days without stopping
Hahaha
[ __ ]
90,000 people
the truth is that it seems like a shitty
trolling to me the truth is that it seems like
[ __ ] in very bad taste because there were
a lot of people who would be waiting for some
content and  ate this byte there were
a lot of people accusing her of being a scam But
hey there's no scam in fact it's not
even worth money to watch it on
Twitch You can watch it whenever you want
but as I said I see it more like
little girl stuff things that
maybe she needs to grow up and as I said I
really think she's a girl with a
very big ego that needs to tone it down a
couple of thirds I don't think she needs a
little bit of humility it wouldn't hurt her and
well I don't know what's
happening to her lately she's deleting
a ton of videos from her channel some of them she's
been deleting in the last few days
while I'm recording This video
Also I don't know if maybe it's because I
have no idea I have no idea
why it will be okay let's see if you guys can
answer me but come on she's
hiding a ton of videos I don't know what she's up to
or I don't know what she
has to hide But well let me
know what you think of this
vtuber I'll be reading the
comments box I hope you liked
the video Thank you very much to all
That you have come this far, I send you
a huge hug, share, comment,
subscribe, all those little things until the
next video, family
[Music]